Add documentation for TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlets (#10657)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-csteamsmeetingbrandingpolicy
schema: 2.0.0
title: New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy
author: szymonkatraMSFT
ms.author: szymonkatra
ms.reviewer:
manager: stanlythomas
---

# New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
The CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control the appearance in meetings by defining custom background, logo and colors.

## SYNTAX

```
New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy
 [-NdiAssuranceSlateImages <System.Management.Automation.PSListModifier`1[Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.NdiAssuranceSlate]>]

>  [-MeetingBackgroundImages <System.Management.Automation.PSListModifier`1[Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.MeetingBackgroundImage]>]

Author: @get-itips  We technically allow setting MeetingBackgroundImages object via cmdlets. However, this object contains URLs to the image resources, but user cannot upload images via powershell, they can be uploaded only through TAC (Teams Admin Center).

-> There is no use case of creating a new policy with images via powershell.

In that case, do you suggest removing these parameters from this list, or add them to PARAMETERS section and mention this limitation?

>  [-MeetingBackgroundImages <System.Management.Automation.PSListModifier`1[Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.MeetingBackgroundImage]>]

Author: Added description for missing parameters in all files.

>  [-MeetingBackgroundImages <System.Management.Automation.PSListModifier`1[Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.MeetingBackgroundImage]>]

Reviewer: Sorry I see my comment was not properly displayed, I'll propose it directly

---
external help file: Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-csteamsmeetingbrandingpolicy
schema: 2.0.0
title: New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy
author: szymonkatraMSFT
ms.author: szymonkatra
ms.reviewer:
manager: stanlythomas
---

# New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
The CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control the appearance in meetings by defining custom background, logo and colors.

## SYNTAX

```
New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy
 [-MeetingBackgroundImages <System.Management.Automation.PSListModifier`1[Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.MeetingBackgroundImage]>]

>  [-MeetingBrandingThemes <System.Management.Automation.PSListModifier`1[Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.MeetingBrandingTheme]>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [-MeetingBrandingThemes <PSListModifier>]
```

Reviewer: Please specify the object type this way also for others

Author: Done

 [-EnableMeetingBackgroundImages <Boolean>] [-Identity] <String> [-Force] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet creates a new meeting branding policy.  
You can only create an empty meeting branding policy with this cmdlet, image upload is not supported.
If you want to upload the images, please use Teams Admin Center.

## EXAMPLES

### Create empty meeting branding policy
```powershell
PS C:\> New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy -Identity "test policy"
```

In the example shown above, the command will create empty meeting branding policy with identity `test policy`.

## PARAMETERS

### -MeetingBackgroundImages
List of meeting background images.
**Note:** It should be not used since this object contains images. Image upload is not possible via cmdlets. Please upload background images via Teams Admin Center (TAC).

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSListModifier`1[Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.MeetingBackgroundImage]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MeetingBrandingThemes

> List of meeting branding themes.

Author: Yeah, I meant that.
Added *This parameter is reserved for Microsoft internal use only.*

---
external help file: Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-csteamsmeetingbrandingpolicy
schema: 2.0.0
title: New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy
author: szymonkatraMSFT
ms.author: szymonkatra
ms.reviewer:
manager: stanlythomas
---

# New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
The CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control the appearance in meetings by defining custom background, logo and colors.

## SYNTAX

```
New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy
 [-MeetingBackgroundImages <PSListModifier>]
 [-MeetingBrandingThemes <PSListModifier>]
 [-DefaultTheme <String>] [-EnableMeetingOptionsThemeOverride <Boolean>]
 [-EnableMeetingBackgroundImages <Boolean>] [-Identity] <String> [-Force] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet creates a new meeting branding policy.  
You can only create an empty meeting branding policy with this cmdlet, image upload is not supported.

> If you want to upload the images, please use Teams Admin Center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to upload the images, you should use Teams Admin Center.
```

## EXAMPLES

### Create empty meeting branding policy
```powershell
PS C:\> New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy -Identity "test policy"
```

In the example shown above, the command will create empty meeting branding policy with identity `test policy`.

## PARAMETERS

### -MeetingBackgroundImages
*This parameter is reserved for Microsoft internal use only.*
List of meeting background images.

> Image upload is not possible via cmdlets. Please upload background images via Teams Admin Center (TAC).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Image upload is not possible via cmdlets. You should upload background images via Teams Admin Center.
```

```yaml

> Type: System.Management.Automation.PSListModifier`1[Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.MeetingBackgroundImage]

Author: Thanks, I somehow missed it in parameters. Fixed both in `New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md` and `Set-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md`

Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MeetingBrandingThemes
*This parameter is reserved for Microsoft internal use only.*
List of meeting branding themes.

> Image upload is not possible via cmdlets. Please create meeting themes via Teams Admin Center (TAC).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Image upload is not possible via cmdlets. You should create meeting themes via Teams Admin Center.
```

```

### -Force
Suppresses any confirmation prompts that would otherwise be displayed before making changes.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Describes what would happen if you executed the command without actually executing the command.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## NOTES

> Available in Teams PowerShell Module 4.9.3 or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Available in Teams PowerShell Module 4.9.3 and later.
```

## RELATED LINKS

> [Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)
> [Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)
> [New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)
> [Remove-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Remove-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)
> [Set-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Set-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)

[Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)

[New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)

[Remove-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Remove-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)

[Set-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Set-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)
```
